content/_index.md, before:

---
# Leave the homepage title empty to use the site title
title: ''
date: 2022-10-24
type: landing

design:
  # Default section spacing
  spacing: '6rem'

sections:
  - block: resume-biography-3
    content:
      # Choose a user profile to display (a folder name within `content/authors/`)
      username: admin
      text: ''
      # Show a call-to-action button under your biography? (optional)
      button:
        text: Download CV
        url: uploads/resume.pdf
      headings:
        about: ''
        education: ''
        interests: ''
    design:
      # Apply a gradient background
      css_class: hbx-bg-gradient
      # Avatar customization
      avatar:
        size: medium # Options: small (150px), medium (200px, default), large (320px), xl (400px), xxl (500px)
        shape: circle # Options: circle (default), square, rounded
  - block: markdown
    content:
      title: '📚 My Research'
      subtitle: ''
      text: |-
        Use this area to speak to your mission. I'm a research scientist in the Moonshot team at DeepMind. I blog about machine learning, deep learning, and moonshots.

        I apply a range of qualitative and quantitative methods to comprehensively investigate the role of science and technology in the economy.

        Please reach out to collaborate 😃
    design:
      columns: '1'
  - block: collection
    id: papers
    content:
      title: Featured Publications
      filters:
        folders:
          - publications
        featured_only: true
    design:
      view: article-grid
      columns: 2
  - block: collection
    content:
      title: Recent Publications
      text: ''
      filters:
        folders:
          - publications
        exclude_featured: false
    design:
      view: citation
  - block: collection
    id: talks
    content:
      title: Recent & Upcoming Talks
      filters:
        folders:
          - events
    design:
      view: card
  - block: collection
    id: news
    content:
      title: Recent News
      subtitle: ''
      text: ''
      # Page type to display. E.g. post, talk, publication...
      page_type: blog
      # Choose how many pages you would like to display (0 = all pages)
      count: 5
      # Filter on criteria
      filters:
        author: ''
        category: ''
        tag: ''
        exclude_featured: false
        exclude_future: false
        exclude_past: false
        publication_type: ''
      # Choose how many pages you would like to offset by
      offset: 0
      # Page order: descending (desc) or ascending (asc) date.
      order: desc
    design:
      # Choose a layout view
      view: card
      # Reduce spacing
      spacing:
        padding: [0, 0, 0, 0]
  - block: cta-card
    demo: true # Only display this section in the Hugo Blox Builder demo site
    content:
      title: 👉 Build your own academic website like this
      text: |-
        This site is generated by Hugo Blox Builder - the FREE, Hugo-based open source website builder trusted by 250,000+ academics like you.

        <a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/HugoBlox/hugo-blox-builder" data-color-scheme="no-preference: light; light: light; dark: dark;" data-icon="octicon-star" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Star HugoBlox/hugo-blox-builder on GitHub">Star</a>

        Easily build anything with blocks - no-code required!

        From landing pages, second brains, and courses to academic resumés, conferences, and tech blogs.
      button:
        text: Get Started
        url: https://hugoblox.com/templates/
    design:
      card:
        # Card background color (CSS class)
        css_class: 'bg-primary-700'
        css_style: ''
---

Commit message:

Revise author profile for Maureen Beaudor: update role to Postdoctoral Research Associate, enhance research description, and refine educational background. Update contact email and improve language skills section. Replace outdated CV with the latest version.

content/_index.md, after:

---
# Leave the homepage title empty to use the site title
title: ''
date: 2022-10-24
type: landing

design:
  # Default section spacing
  spacing: '6rem'

sections:
  - block: resume-biography-3
    content:
      # Choose a user profile to display (a folder name within `content/authors/`)
      username: admin
      text: ''
      # Show a call-to-action button under your biography? (optional)
      button:
        text: Download CV
        url: uploads/resume.pdf
      headings:
        about: ''
        education: ''
        interests: ''
    design:
      # Apply a gradient background
      css_class: hbx-bg-gradient
      # Avatar customization
      avatar:
        size: medium # Options: small (150px), medium (200px, default), large (320px), xl (400px), xxl (500px)
        shape: circle # Options: circle (default), square, rounded
  - block: markdown
    content:
      title: '📚 My Research'
      subtitle: ''
      text: |-
        I am a Postdoctoral Research Associate at Princeton University in the High Meadows Environmental Institute (HMEI), where I focus on resolving nitrogen-gaseous pathways in the atmosphere-plant-microbial-soil continuum within the NOAA/GFDL Earth System Modeling Framework.

        My current research involves implementing soil microbial N dynamics based on the MIMICS (MIcrobial-Mineral Carbon Stabilization) scheme in the Land Model of the NOAA/GFDL ESM, and integrating other biotic and abiotic processes and related N emissions (nitrification, denitrification losses, and volatilization).

        During my PhD at LSCE (Laboratoire des Sciences du Climat et de l'Environnement), I specialized in global modeling of agricultural ammonia emissions and their impacts on atmospheric chemistry and climate. My thesis received congratulations from the jury commission and focused on developing comprehensive models to understand how agricultural practices affect atmospheric composition.

        I am passionate about understanding how anthropogenic activities affect air quality and biogeochemical cycles, particularly in the context of evolving agricultural practices and climate change.

        Please reach out to collaborate on research related to land biogeochemistry, climate interactions, and nitrogen cycle modeling! 🌱
    design:
      columns: '1'
  - block: collection
    id: papers
    content:
      title: Featured Publications
      filters:
        folders:
          - publications
        featured_only: true
    design:
      view: article-grid
      columns: 2
  - block: collection
    content:
      title: Recent Publications
      text: ''
      filters:
        folders:
          - publications
        exclude_featured: false
    design:
      view: citation
  - block: collection
    id: talks
    content:
      title: Recent & Upcoming Talks
      filters:
        folders:
          - presentations
    design:
      view: card
  - block: collection
    id: news
    content:
      title: Recent News
      subtitle: ''
      text: ''
      # Page type to display. E.g. post, talk, publication...
      page_type: blog
      # Choose how many pages you would like to display (0 = all pages)
      count: 5
      # Filter on criteria
      filters:
        author: ''
        category: ''
        tag: ''
        exclude_featured: false
        exclude_future: false
        exclude_past: false
        publication_type: ''
      # Choose how many pages you would like to offset by
      offset: 0
      # Page order: descending (desc) or ascending (asc) date.
      order: desc
    design:
      # Choose a layout view
      view: card
      # Reduce spacing
      spacing:
        padding: [0, 0, 0, 0]
  - block: cta-card
    demo: true # Only display this section in the Hugo Blox Builder demo site
    content:
      title: 👉 Build your own academic website like this
      text: |-
        This site is generated by Hugo Blox Builder - the FREE, Hugo-based open source website builder trusted by 250,000+ academics like you.

        <a class="github-button" href="https://github.com/HugoBlox/hugo-blox-builder" data-color-scheme="no-preference: light; light: light; dark: dark;" data-icon="octicon-star" data-size="large" data-show-count="true" aria-label="Star HugoBlox/hugo-blox-builder on GitHub">Star</a>

        Easily build anything with blocks - no-code required!

        From landing pages, second brains, and courses to academic resumés, conferences, and tech blogs.
      button:
        text: Get Started
        url: https://hugoblox.com/templates/
    design:
      card:
        # Card background color (CSS class)
        css_class: 'bg-primary-700'
        css_style: ''
---
