content/publications/journal-advances-modeling-earth-systems-2025/index.md, before:

---
title: "Future trends of agricultural ammonia global emissions in a changing climate"
authors:
  - admin
  - Nicolas Vuichard
  - Juliette Lathière
  - Didier Hauglustaine
date: 2025-01-15
publication_types: ["Journal Article"]
publication: "*Journal of Advances in Modeling Earth Systems*, vol. 17, 2025"
publication_short: "*Journal of Advances in Modeling Earth Systems*, 2025"
abstract: "This study examines future trends of agricultural ammonia global emissions under changing climate conditions, providing insights into how climate change will affect agricultural nitrogen emissions."
hugoblox:
  ids:
    doi: 10.1029/2023MS004186
links:
  - type: doi
    url: https://doi.org/10.1029/2023MS004186
    label: "Read Full Article"
featured: true
tags:
  - agricultural ammonia
  - global emissions
  - climate change
  - future trends
  - modeling
url_pdf: ''
url_code: ''
url_dataset: ''
url_poster: ''
url_project: ''
url_slides: ''
url_source: ''
url_video: ''
image:
  caption: 'Future trends of agricultural ammonia global emissions under changing climate conditions'
  focal_point: 'Center'
  preview_only: false
  filename: 'featured.jpg'
---

Commit message:

Update abstracts and captions in publication entries to enhance clarity and consistency in the representation of ammonia (NH₃) emissions, including detailed insights into agricultural impacts and future projections.

content/publications/journal-advances-modeling-earth-systems-2025/index.md, after:

---
title: "Future trends of agricultural ammonia global emissions in a changing climate"
authors:
  - admin
  - Nicolas Vuichard
  - Juliette Lathière
  - Didier Hauglustaine
date: 2025-01-15
publication_types: ["Journal Article"]
publication: "*Journal of Advances in Modeling Earth Systems*, vol. 17, 2025"
publication_short: "*Journal of Advances in Modeling Earth Systems*, 2025"
abstract: "Due to the growing global population and increased livestock farming, emissions of ammonia (NH<sub>3</sub>) are expected to rise until the end of the century with possible impacts on air quality and climate. This study introduces a method to predict livestock densities and NH<sub>3</sub> emissions worldwide until 2100. We estimate future livestock distribution based on different socio-economic scenarios and use a modeling approach to quantify resulting emissions. The predicted global NH<sub>3</sub> emissions align well with estimates from a major climate modeling project, but there are variations within the scenarios studied. By 2100, global ammonia emissions may increase by 30%–50%, reaching 50 to 70 Tg NH<sub>3</sub> yr<sup>−1</sup>, with Africa becoming one of the most important emitter regions. Due to their sensitivity to environmental conditions, NH<sub>3</sub> emissions are expected to be enhanced by climate change whose contribution can reach 20%. The data generated in this study provides an alternative to traditional emission projections which usually overlook climate sensitivity. This aims to help for a better understanding of future air pollution and its interactions with climate."
hugoblox:
  ids:
    doi: 10.1029/2023MS004186
links:
  - type: doi
    url: https://doi.org/10.1029/2023MS004186
    label: "Read Full Article"
featured: true
tags:
  - agricultural ammonia
  - global emissions
  - climate change
  - future trends
  - modeling
url_pdf: ''
url_code: ''
url_dataset: ''
url_poster: ''
url_project: ''
url_slides: ''
url_source: ''
url_video: ''
image:
  caption: 'CAMEO model framework showing interactions between ORCHIDEE vegetation dynamics, livestock management, and soil processes. Future livestock densities are derived from the Livestock Downscaling Method for ammonia emission projections.'
  focal_point: 'Center'
  preview_only: false
  filename: 'featured.jpg'
---
